---
url: "https://docs.recall.ai/reference/bot_partial_update"
title: "Update Scheduled Bot"
---

| time | status | user agent |  |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Make a request to see history. |

#### URL Expired

The URL for this request expired after 30 days.

_Note: Bot updates may not be applied if the bot has already started up, so we don't recommend calling this endpoint in response to a bot status webhook._

> ## 🚧  Meeting URL response shape
>
> Meeting URL's are currently improperly reflected in the API spec for **meeting URL's in responses**. For proper meeting URL shapes in API responses, please see [Meeting URL's](https://docs.recall.ai/docs/meeting-urls).
>
> `meeting_url`'s that are provided as a **parameter** to the API are reflected accurately in the API spec as strings.

id

uuid

required

A UUID string identifying this bot.

meeting\_url

string

The url of the meeting. For example, [https://zoom.us/j/123?pwd=456](https://zoom.us/j/123?pwd=456). This field will be cleared a few days after the bot has joined a call.

bot\_name

string

length ≤ 100

Defaults to Meeting Notetaker

The name of the bot that will be displayed in the call.

_(Note: Authenticated Google Meet bots will use the Google account name and this field will be ignored.)_

join\_at

date-time \| null

The time at which the bot will join the call, formatted in ISO 8601. This field can only be read from scheduled bots that have not yet joined a call. Once a bot has joined a call, it's join\_at will be cleared.

recording\_config

object \| null

Configure the recording generated by the bot. Includes options for getting meeting transcript, the layout of the recorded video, when to start recording and more.

recording\_config object \| null

output\_media

object \| null

Settings for the bot output media.

output\_media object \| null

automatic\_video\_output

object \| null

Settings for the bot to output video. Image should be 16:9. Recommended resolution is 640x360.

automatic\_video\_output object \| null

automatic\_audio\_output

object \| null

(BETA) Settings for the bot to output audio.

automatic\_audio\_output object \| null

chat

object \| null

(BETA) Settings for the bot to send chat messages.

_(Note: Chat functionality is only supported for Zoom, Google Meet and Microsoft Teams currently.)_

chat object \| null

automatic\_leave

object \| null

automatic\_leave object \| null

variant

object \| null

Configure bot variants per meeting platforms, e.g. {"zoom": "web\_4\_core"}.

variant object \| null

zoom

object \| null

Zoom specific parameters

zoom object \| null

google\_meet

object \| null

Google Meet specific parameters

google\_meet object \| null

metadata

object

metadata object

# `` 200

Updated 3 months ago

* * *

Did this page help you?

Yes

No

ShellNodeRubyPHPPython

Base URL

https://us-east-1.recall.ai/api/v1/bot/{id}/

```

xxxxxxxxxx

1curl --request PATCH \

2     --url https://us-east-1.recall.ai/api/v1/bot/id/ \

3     --header 'accept: application/json' \

4     --header 'content-type: application/json'

```

Click `Try It!` to start a request and see the response here! Or choose an example:

application/json

`` 200

Updated 3 months ago

* * *

Did this page help you?

Yes

No